Day 1 Jul18 2022:
 Today I took another swing at making a page. For probably the 1000th time I made a portfolio page. The end result was pleasing enough to keep, publish on Github, and continue forward with.

Plan: See plan.txt.  Simplest answer is that I need a portfolio page that has some about me, contact, work history,examples,etc.
I will also attempt to "blog" by journaling the process and the lessons learned along the way.  This too I've done 1000x before.

Structure:The structure today is home/about/CV-Resume/Skills/Portfolio/contact. It has a floating header and a non-floating footer. I copied the basic template from my FreeCodeCamp project because other videos seem to use the same concept.

HTML: Created everything today. Each section has an id. It follows a nav-main sections-footer layout.
Of note: I included CSS and JS capability to style and script as I go.

CSS: Created everything today. All the initial styling was done on the spot while going through.  I borrowed the technique from FCC Portfolio project to float the nav/divide screen space by vh; . The idea is to have 4 main colors: black, white, --dark-blue,--light-blue where the last 2 are pre-determined colors from Adobe Color.

I used 2 different styles of gradient: linear for nav and radial for body/sections. It gives a nice feel and I'm pleased with it visually.

I picked those colors based on design theory where blue is associated with technology. Typography is basic sans-serif because I was concerned the monospace might shift some stuff in the background.

Each link in nav highlights aquamarine. I felt this was a nice touch that would pleasantly surprise someone while exercising muscle memory on :hover.

The main page(#home) has floating text around the dark spot. I staggered and grouped them in such a way that confers the perspective of the used word "journey". It is indeed a journey, but a light one.

The #about page has an image and text. I keep it simple.

The #cv page uses 2 tables, placed inline-block to be sideways. They still need styling but the information has been laid out according to what I felt was a good way to organize a lot of info.

The #skills page has a bit of a sloppy layout. I used h1's and p's for it. In the plan I was meant to use ul/li. In both cases I remain unfulfilled with it and want to use CSS to change it up a bit.

The #portfolio page has 10 cards laid out side to side in flexbox. For whatever reason they won't space evenly nor pad/margin. Not sure why.  I want to ultimately separate them.

Ideally I'd also spread them out in more than 1 row. I'm considering what card size would work for horizontal spacing while also taking up more of the page and making it feel less..........empty?

#contact is by far the ugliest part of the page. At the very bottom near the footer is a smallish h1 and 2 links(linkedin,email) in ul.  There is a huge space but shrinking vh; to 30vh; does little to bring the page back up.

JavaScript:
Initial scripting established. 2 test functions and a DOM manipulator function. They're all 3 in buttons and the 2 test just make an alert pop up.  The DOM manipulator doesn't really have much to do with anything except it changes the button's text color to green via getElementById('id').style.color = 'green';   .

I would like to add more JS to the site but I remain unsure what to do with it.  Perhaps I will expand to putting buttons or some sort of initiator so that #skills and #portfolio can switch things up a bit.

Other:
On the design side I'm mostly happy. Ultimately if I could shrink #contact and make things work I would put "old vs updated" as my subtheme for #portfolio.

Perhaps I'll update the other projects too. Some of them are rather sloppy and lazy but I was just adhering to the protocol to get through the project and get the gold (aka the cert).

--------
Plans for next time:
*Adjust #about img to something better looking if possible
*organize tables in #cv-resume 
*Make #skills look nicer
*separate and rearrange the cards in #portfolio
*Improve #contact
-----------------